Port 5682 docs add an example of how to trigger slack and notifications and jira issues from port (#769)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides-and-tutorials/setup-slack-reminders.md

   - Replace the `Organization` and `Repository` values with your values (this is where the workflow will reside and run).
   - Name the workflow `portSlackReminder.yaml`.
   - Set `Omit user inputs` to `Yes`.
   - Fill out the rest of the form like this, then click `Next`:

:::tip Important

In our workflow, we don't have user inputs to use. We omit the user inputs in order to avoid sending additional inputs to the workflow.

:::

<img src='/img/guides/slackReminderBackend.png' width='75%' />

6. The last step is customizing the action's permissions. For simplicity's sake, we will use the default settings. For more information, see the [permissions](/create-self-service-experiences/set-self-service-actions-rbac/) page. Click `Create`.

The action's frontend is now ready 🥳

### Setup the action's backend

Now we want to write the logic that our action will trigger.

1. First, let's create the necessary token and secrets:

   - Go to your desired Slack channel and [setup incoming webhooks](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks). Make sure you copy the webhook URL, we will use it in the Github workflow.

>    - Go to your [Port application](https://app.getport.io/), hover over the `...` in the top right corner, then click `Credentials`. Copy your `Client ID` and `Client secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Go to your [Port application](https://app.getport.io/), click on the `...` in the top right corner, then click `Credentials`. Copy your `Client ID` and `Client secret`.
```

2. In the repository where your workflow will reside, create 3 new secrets under `Settings -> Secrets and variables -> Actions`:

- `SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL` - the Slack Webhook URL of the destination channel.
- `PORT_CLIENT_ID` - the client ID you copied from your Port app.
- `PORT_CLIENT_SECRET` - the client secret you copied from your Port app.

<img src='/img/guides/repositorySecretSlack.png' width='80%' />

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<br/><br/>

```

3. Now let's create the workflow file that contains our logic. Under `.github/workflows`, create a new file named `portSlackReminder.yaml` and use the following snippet as its content:

> Change `<YOUR-ORG-NAME>` to the name of the organization in which you want to create the new repository.

Reviewer: is this needed? I don't see an org name in the workflow

:::

<br/>

All done! The action is ready to be used 🚀

### Execute the action

After creating an action, it will appear under the `Self-service` tab of your Port application:

<img src='/img/guides/selfServiceAfterReminderCreation.png' width='75%' />

1. Click on `Create` to begin executing the action.

2. Click `Execute`. A small popup will appear, click on `View details`:

<img src='/img/guides/executionDetails.png' width='45%' />

3. This page provides details about the action run. As you can see, the backend returned `Success` and the repo was successfully created:

<img src='/img/guides/runStatusReminder.png' width='90%' />

:::tip Logging action progress
💡 Note the `Log stream` at the bottom, this can be used to report progress, results and errors. Click [here](https://docs.getport.io/create-self-service-experiences/reflect-action-progress/) to learn more.
:::

4. You can now enter your Slack channel and view the scorecard reminder:
<img src='/img/guides/slackReminderExample.png' width='50%' />

Congratulations! You can now send send Slack reminders easily from Port 💪🏽

### Conclusion

> Creating scorecards is the first step in setting standards in our development lifecycle. However, to make sure these standards are met, we need to ensure the scorecards gaps are becoming a live action item by using Slack reminders, or creating Jira tasks. By doing that you can easily drive change, across the entire organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating scorecards is the first step in setting standards in our development lifecycle. However, to ensure these standards are met, we need to turn rule violations into action items. By automating Slack reminders and the creation of Jira tasks, we can drive change across the entire organization using familiar tools.
```
